entities: removal of dependencies on services (#1123)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/upgrade-instructions-for-entities-simplification.md

- `Order::addOrderItemDiscount()`
    - use `OrderFacade::addOrderItemDiscount()` instead
- `Order::fillOrderRounding()`
    - use `OrderFacade::fillOrderRounding()` instead
- `Cart::mergeWithCart()`
    - use `CartMigrationFacade::mergeCurrentCartWithCart` instead
- `Cart::addProduct()`
    - use `CartFacade::addProductToCart()` instead
- `Product::setCategories()`
    - use `Product::setProductCategoryDomains()` instead and pass array of `ProductCategoryDomain` instances as an parameter
- `Product::createNewProductCategoryDomains()`
- `Product::removeOldProductCategoryDomains()`
- `ProductManualInputPrice::recalculateInputPriceForNewVatPercent()`
    - use `ProductInputPriceRecalculator::recalculateInputPriceForNewVatPercent()` instead
- `FriendlyUrl::getAbsoluteUrl()`
    - use `FriendlyUrlFacade::getAbsoluteUrlByFriendlyUrl()` instead
- `User::changeEmail()`
    - use `CustomerFacade::setEmail()` instead
- `User::changePassword()`
    - use `CustomerPasswordFacade::changePassword()` instead
- `User::setNewPassword()`
    - use `CustomerPasswordFacade::setNewPassword()` instead
- `User::editDeliveryAddress()`
    - use `CustomerFacade::editDeliveryAddress()` instead

> - `Administrator::checkForDelete()`

Author: they do not use external dependencies -> there is no need to rewrite them

```
```diff
- User::edit(UserData $userData, EncoderFactoryInterface $encoderFactory)
+ User::edit(UserData $userData)
```
```diff
- User::__construct(EntityNameResolver $entityNameResolver, EncoderFactoryInterface $encoderFactory)
+ User::__construct(EntityNameResolver $entityNameResolver, CustomerPasswordFacade $customerPasswordFacade)
```
```diff
- User::resetPassword(HashGenerator $hashGenerator)
+ User::resetPassword(string $resetPasswordHash)
```
```diff
- Administrator::edit(AdministratorData $administratorData, EncoderFactoryInterface $encoderFactory, ?self $administratorByUserName)
+ Administrator::edit(AdministratorData $administratorData)
```

Additional information:
- protected constant `DEFAULT_PRODUCT_QUANTITY` has been moved from `Order` to `OrderItemFacade`
- `InvalidQuantifiedProductException` has been removed
- there is a new method `ProductCategoryDomainFactoryInterface::createMultiple()` that needs to be implemented

>     - you can get inspired by the [implementation in the framework package](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/6f77d54098e584a3a762d65addb399e4366c33b6/packages/framework/src/Model/Product/ProductCategoryDomainFactory.php#L44)

Author: Originally, I wanted to solve this during the `8.0` release, hence the comment 

```
TODO provide proper links to the classes in split repositories in this whole document
```

But ok, changed :grin:

- `Product::edit()` no longer schedules product for price recalculation
    - you need to use `ProductFacade::edit()`
- `CustomerPasswordFacade::setNewPassword()` is now strictly type hinted
- protected constant `RESET_PASSWORD_HASH_LENGTH` has been moved from `User` to `CustomerPasswordFacade` and made public
- use `AdministratorFacade::edit` instead of `Administrator::edit()` if you want to keep the checking of the admin's username uniqueness

Tests:
- in many tests, methods that changed their signatures are called
    - running `php phing phpstan` should help you to discover the problems
- remove `Tests\ShopBundle\Functional\Model\Cart\CartTest::testMergeWithCartReturnsCartWithSummedProducts()`  
    - add new `Tests\ShopBundle\Functional\Model\Cart\CartMigrationFacadeTest` class, you can copy-paste it from [Github](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/1c62e6c1f31ba8b5437154f2ae419f3238083ce4/project-base/tests/ShopBundle/Functional/Model/Cart/CartMigrationFacadeTest.php)
- move tests from `Tests\ShopBundle\Functional\Model\Cart\CartTest` to `Tests\ShopBundle\Functional\Model\Cart\CartFacadeTest`

> and fix them appropriately (you can copy paste them from [Github](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/24ae0ab48f9059af5da81449e83d5d5b50d38d98/project-base/tests/ShopBundle/Functional/Model/Cart/CartFacadeTest.php))

Reviewer: what about ? 
```suggestion
and fix them appropriately (you can copy paste them from [shopsys/ptoject-base](https://github.com/shopsys/project-base/blob/v8.0.0/tests/ShopBundle/Functional/Model/Cart/CartFacadeTest.php))
```
if it is OK, please update it for all those occurrences.

Author: fixed everywhere :wink:
